DockerSlim project info (#268)
Codesee-io/oss-port: projects/docker-slim/docker-slim.mdx

---
name: docker-slim
repoUrl: https://github.com/docker-slim/docker-slim

> description: Make your containers betters, smaller and more secure with DockerSlim. It's a tool for developers that provides a set of commands to simplify and optimize your developer experience with containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Make your containers better, smaller, and more secure with DockerSlim. This tool for developers provides a set of commands to simplify and optimize your developer experience with containers.
```
```suggestion
description: Make your containers betters, smaller and more secure with DockerSlim. It's a tool for developers that provides a set of commands to simplify and optimize your developer experience with containers.
```

languages:
  - Go
tags:
  - First Timer Friendly
  - Containers
  - Docker
  - Minification
  - Xray
  - Lint
  - Security
  - Seccomp
  - AppArmor
avatar: docker-slim.png
websiteUrl: https://dockersl.im
twitterUrl: https://twitter.com/DockerSlim
currentlySeeking:
  - Developers
  - Code Reviewers
  - Technical Writers
  - Testers
featuredMap:
  url: https://app.codesee.io/maps/public/1cedd540-6451-11ec-a279-0572ca5abbdc
  description: Get a quick visual overview of the major areas of our repo!
contributionOverview:
  isMentorshipAvailable: true
  automatedDevEnvironment: https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/docker-slim/docker-slim
learnLinks:
  - title: README
    url: https://github.com/docker-slim/docker-slim
  - title: Build Instructions
    url: https://github.com/docker-slim/docker-slim#build-process
  - title: How to Contribute
    url: https://github.com/docker-slim/docker-slim/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
---

<Overview>

> DockerSlim is a tool for developers that provides a set of commands to simplify and optimize your developer experience with containers. It makes your containers betters, smaller and more secure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DockerSlim is a tool for developers that provides a set of commands to simplify and optimize your developer experience with containers. It makes your containers better, smaller, and more secure.
```
```suggestion
DockerSlim is a tool for developers that provides a set of commands to simplify and optimize your developer experience with containers. It makes your containers betters, smaller and more secure.
```
